December 2025
External
Service Provider
Directory
A comprehensive guide for RMIT staff, students, and parents
Introduction
This External Service Provider (ESP) Directory is a comprehensive guide intended to be a
valuable resource for staff, students, and parents within the RMIT community. It serves as an
additional external referral channel which is especially crucial for individuals grappling with
issues such as family violence, domestic violence, gender-based violence, or sexual harassment.
It ensures that everyone has access to the necessary support when they need it, and contributes
to creating a safer, more supportive, and inclusive environment at RMIT University.
Often, individuals who have experienced trauma may not have a complete understanding of
the various agencies and organisations ready to provide support and services. These services
become essential when these individuals need help to manage their mental and physical health,
and to find their way forward in challenging circumstances. Therefore, it’s extremely important
to widely share information about the network of agencies, organisations, and service providers
that are available to offer support. This is seen as an urgent need, as it allows these individuals
to easily access and seek the necessary help, protection, and support when they need it most.
Through this directory, we aim to communicate that there are numerous agencies, organisations,
and support services ready to assist in emergency situations that pose a threat to the safety of
individuals or their loved ones. These organisations are currently offering a variety of services to
meet the needs of women and children seeking assistance.
2
Cross-Referencing Index
For issues related to Gender-Based Violence,
Domestic Violence, and Human Trafficking For issues related to Sexual Abuse
07 HAGAR Vietnam 07 HAGAR Vietnam
07 Center for Studies and Applied Sciences in Gender 07 Center for Studies and Applied Sciences in Gender
- Family - Women and Adolescents (CSAGA) - Family - Women and Adolescents (CSAGA)
08 Blue Dragon Children’s Foundation 09 MSI Reproductive Choices in Vietnam and
Dr. Marie Clinic
08 Vietnam Farmer’s Union
09 Center for Creative Initiatives in Health and
09 MSI Reproductive Choices in Vietnam and
Population (CCIHP)
Dr. Marie Clinic
11 Hanoi Center for Social Work and Child Protection
09 Center for Creative Initiatives in Health and Population
Fund
(CCIHP)
12 Nha Binh Yen (NBY) - Peace House Shelters
10 Hope Box
14 LIGHT Institute for Community Health Development
10 The Sunrise House – ACDC
(Action to the Community Development Institute)
11 Hanoi Center for Social Work and Child Protection Fund
11 Child Protection Helpline in Da Nang
12 Nha Binh Yen (NBY) - Peace House Shelters
13 National Child Helpline – 111
3
Cross-Referencing Index
For Child Safety and Emergency Humanitarian
Assistance For Security Services
08 Blue Dragon Children’s Foundation 16 Emergency Police Service Hotline – 113
09 Center for Creative Initiatives in Health and Population 17 Ho Chi Minh City Police
(CCIHP)
11 Hanoi Center for Social Work and Child Protection Fund
For Legal Aids
11 Child Protection Helpline in Da Nang
13 National Child Helpline – 111 17 Legal Aid Department – Ministry of Justice
14 CARE International Vietnam
15 Child Fund Vietnam For Research Projects
15 Ho Chi Minh City Children’s Social Work Center
16 ISDS – Institute for Social development studies
17 MSD – Management and sustainable development
institute
4
Disclaimer
While every effort has been made to ensure the effective use of
the information contained within the directory, we cannot guarantee
the completeness of the details provided. The information is subject
to change and may be updated or altered at any time.
The inclusion of any agency, organisation, or service in this directory
does not constitute an endorsement or recommendation by RMIT
Wellbeing. Users are encouraged to exercise their own judgement
and care when using the services listed in the directory.
RMIT Wellbeing is not responsible for any outcomes, issues, or
disputes that may arise from the use of the services listed in this
directory. For the most current and comprehensive information,
users should directly contact the service providers listed in the
directory.
5
Central agencies, organisations,
and non-governmental
organisations
6
HAGAR Vietnam Contact Hagar’s hotline to receive timely, confidential advice Managing agency
Tổ chức Hagar Quốc tế tại Việt Nam and suppor for you or someone you know is at risk, or NGO
currently experiencing domestic violence, sexual abuse, or
152 Au Co, Tu Lien, Tay Ho, Ha Noi human trafficking. The the following completely free services Location
are available for support: Hanoi, Hoa Binh,
18008284 – Hotline 24/7 Cao Bang, Nghe An,
024 37282342 – During working hours • Safe accommodation • Education and life Yen Bai
• Health care skills training
• Trauma therapy consultation. • Enhancing Cost
Crisis consultation after the economic capacity Free
event; long-term therapy
Center for Studies and Applied Sciences CSAGA is the first organisation in Vietnam to provide Managing agency
in Gender - Family - Women and supporting services to women and girls suffering from gender- NGO
Adolescents (CSAGA) based violence through psychological counseling lines.
Location
Trung tâm Nghiên cứu và Ứng dụng Khoa
CSAGA provides Gender-based Violence victims assistant Hanoi
học về Giới, Gia đình, Phụ nữ và Vị thành
through:
niên
• Psychological counseling Cost
• Provide knowledge on prevention and Free
A9, Com Vong Street, Dich Vong Hau
control of gender-based violence
Ward, Cau Giay District, Hanoi
• Connect victims with local authorities, police, shelters,
024 3333 5599 newspapers, lawyers
0941 409 119
csaga@csaga.org.vn
csaga.org.vn
facebook.com/csagaVietnam
7
Blue Dragon Children’s Foundation Blue Dragon offers children and families in crisis the chance Managing agency
Tổ chức Rồng Xanh to turn their lives around, providing practical solutions to the NGO
daily problems that are keeping poverty alive. Their services
PO Box 297, International Post Office, are holistic, including rescue and crisis care for young people Location
Hanoi, Vietnam in immediate danger; shelter; legal advocacy; and long term National
support to return to school and training. Blue Dragon helps
+84 24 3717 0544 kids in crisis throughout Vietnam. They work with street kids, Cost
info@bdcf.org runaway children, victims of human trafficking, children with Free
disabilities, young rural-urban migrants, kids affected by drugs
bluedragon.org
and HIV/AIDS, homeless families, child prisoners, and the
rural poor.
Vietnam Farmer’s Union Hotline 1800.1768 was set up by the Central Vietnam Managing agency
Hội Nông Dân Việt Nam Farmers’ Union with technical and financial support from the N/A
United Nations Population Fund UNFPA within the framework
No.9 Ton That Thuyet Street, Nam Tu of the project “Mitigating the impact of Covid-19 on Location
Liem District, Hanoi vulnerable groups”. Vulnerability – Ensuring national progress National
in achieving sustainable development goals in Vietnam”
1800 1768 sponsored by the Government of Japan. This is a hotline Cost
websitehndvn@gmail.com provided specifically for counseling and support for women Free
and girls experiencing domestic violence. By calling this
vietnamfarmerunion.vn
number, users can receive advice, support, and information on
domestic violence.
8
MSI Reproductive Choices in Vietnam MSI Vietnam has broadened its service portfolio to champion Managing agency
and Dr. Marie Clinic women’s well-being. From contraception and abortion care to NGO
Tổ chức MSI Reproductive Choice tại Việt a comprehensive range of services such as vaccines, cervical
Nam, và Hệ thống Phòng Khám Sản Phụ screening, STI management, sub-fertility counselling and Location
Khoa Dr. Marie Clinic testing, as well as primary care for survivors of Sexual and Hanoi
Gender-Based Violence, MSI Vietnam caters to diverse needs.
Cost
Marie Stopes Vietnam, Units 201-205, A1
Building Van Phuc Diplomatic Compound The obstetrics and gynaecology clinic system named Dr.Marie N/A
No. 298 Kim Ma St., Ba Dinh, Hanoi is a strategic partner of the organisation MSI Reproductive
Choices, established in 1994 and operates according to
1900 558882
international standards under the technical supervision and
+84 04 3722 5471 – Tel
continuous training of MSI Reproductive Choices in Vietnam.
drmarie.com.vn Dr.Marie is a specialised clinic system for women’s health in
Vietnam with 12 branches in 9 provinces and cities.
facebook.com/MSIchoicesvietnam
Center for Creative Initiatives in Health Counselling services for teens Managing agency
and Population (CCIHP) N/A
Since 2009, CCIHP has conducted counseling programs on
Trung tâm sáng kiến sức khỏe và dân số sexual and reproductive health, HIV and gender through novel
Location
methods such as free, online chat-based consulting services.
Hanoi
48 Group 39 Alley 251/8 Nguyen These programs have achieved remarkable success, with tens
Khang, Cau Giay, Hanoi of thousands of people accessing the counselling service,
Cost
proving it to be an effective support tool for adolescents/
(84-4) 35770261 Free
young people to access health information, make sound
ccihp@ccihp.org decisions regarding their SRH, as well as address issues such
as friendship, love, gender relations and gender equality.
ccihp.org
Currently, CCIHP maintains the counseling service through it’s
facebook.com/CCIHP.VN website, Facebook page and Yahoo messenger.
9
Hope Box HopeBox was established in 2018 as the first social Managing agency
Doanh nghiệp xã hội Hope Box enterprise in Vietnam to respond to the lack of comprehensive Social Enterprise
psychology and economic recovery services for gender-based
5C, Lot 7, Alley 264, Au Co, Tay Ho, violence (GBV) survivors in Vietnam post-rescue. Location
Hanoi
Ha Noi
Create jobs for women who are victims of gender-based
1900 96 9680 – Domiestic violence violence, train them in baking and empower them so they can Cost
0901245073/ +84328289818 – Phone leave the violent environment. 50% cost covered
hopeboxvn.com Support 50% of the accommodation costs, as well as
provide scholarships for children who are victims of domestic
violence.
Provide psychological counselling support and participation in
personal development courses.
The Sunrise House – ACDC (Action to ACDC handed over Sunrise House, a reliable and friendly Managing agency
the Community Development Institute) place for women and girls with disabilities experiencing NGO
Viện Nghiên cứu phát triển cộng đồng. violence in Quang Nam Province and Thua Thien Hue.
Ngôi nhà Bình Minh Sunrise House represents a model of providing essential Location
services to support those experiencing gender-based Hanoi, Quang Nam,
violence, with 1 counseling room and 2 safe rooms. This Thua Thien Hue
Floor 2, Block B, Ministry of Public
model was piloted to support the improvement of accessibility
Security Apartment, 282 Nguyen Huy to women and girls with disabilities who were victims of Cost
Tuong St., Thanh Xuan, Hanoi gender-based violence. It was adapted to be fully accessible Free
024 6291 0814/ 024 6329 1019 to persons with disabilities, from walkways, household items
to toilets.
tuvan@acdc.org.vn
acdc.vn
10
Hanoi Center for Social Work and 24/7 hotline for emergency support including consultation, Managing agency
Child Protection Fund counselling and support. Available for office drop-in. Department of
labors - invalids and
Trung tâm Công tác xã hội và Quỹ Bảo trợ Receiving those who need emergency support:
social affairs (Hanoi)
trẻ em Hà Nội • Victims of trafficking, sexual abuse, domestic violence,
forced labour, homeless people
Location
45 Ba Trieu, Nguyen Tai, Ha Dong, • Children at risk of violence, sexual abuse, physical
Hanoi
Hanoi harm.
(0243) 2233111 Providing consultation and assistance to these individuals Cost
by:
ttctxhqbtte_soldtbxh@hanoi.gov.vn Free
• Implementing preventive measures to prevent them
youtube.com/channel/HNQuyBTTE from falling into situations of abuse, violence, and
mistreatment
facebook.com/people/QuyBTTE
• Advising and assisting in benefiting from social
assistance policies
• Providing psychological counselling, connecting to
therapy for psychological crisis disorders.
Child Protection Helpline in Da Nang For requests that require in-depth counselling and Managing agency
Đường dây nóng bảo vệ trẻ em (thuộc consultation on psychology, law, and other specific issues Da Nang Department
Tổng đài 1022) related to children; cases of child abuse or at risk of violence, of Information and
exploitation, abandonment, cases where children need to Communications
(0236) 1022 – Line 6 apply emergency intervention measures, the 1022 hotline will
Location
connect with the Da Nang Social Work Service Centre and
Da Nang
the National Child Protection Hotline (111) in Da Nang to
coordinate the response.
Cost
Free
11
Nha Binh Yen (NBY) • A shelter for women and children suffering from gender-based Managing agency
- Peace House Shelters violence, it provides free, comprehensive and emergent support Vietnam Women
Ngôi nhà Bình Yên services with locations in Hanoi and Can Tho. The Peace Union
(Hội Liên hiệp Phụ nữ Việt Nam) House Shelter also implements an effective organizational
and personnel structure so as to ensure smooth operation of Location
No. 20, Thuy Khue, Tay Ho, Hanoi various activities. This structure consists of a house manager Hanoi
who is responsible for managing, operating, supervising, and
1900 96 9680 – Hotline reporting all activities in the house); 4 social workers, each of Cost
Hanoi phone: 0946833382/ whom is responsible for managing, monitoring, counseling Free
0946833384/ 0946833380 and supporting 5 victims; 2-3 security guards who work 24/7
Can Tho phone: 0919480908 to ensure safety; and 2 housekeepers responsible for internal
affairs and accommodation of temporary residents.
ngoinhabinhyen.vn
cwd.vn/en/peace-house-shelters
COUNSELLING ROOM
• This room is always ready to receive 24/7 calls to provide
information and free consultation on women’s and children’s
rights, issues related to marriage, gender, reproductive health,
life skills, gender-based violence and so on. The Counseling
Room directly consults and select women and children in need
of entering Peace House Shelter and work with clients, families,
abusers, and partner agencies to resolve client issues with an
individualized intervention and support plan.
• Women’s support hotline 1900 96 96 80 and other hotlines: The
hotlines provide 24/7 service, information, counseling, crisis
intervention and rescue support to women and children suffering
from gender-based violence and instructions to customers
wishing to use counseling or shelter services of the Peace
House Shelter.
12
National Child Helpline – 111 1. Consulting, supporting victims of human trafficking. Managing agency
Tổng đài Quốc gia bảo vệ trẻ em, 2. Child protection: Department of
đường dây nóng tư vấn và hỗ trợ • Receiving notifications, denunciations from agencies, organizations, labors - invalids
nạn nhân mua bán người 111 educational institutions, families, individuals by phone. and social affairs
• Contacting relevant or authorized individuals, agencies,
Location
National Child Helpline organizations; exploiting information on mass media, network
National
35 Tran Phu, Ba Dinh, Hanoi environment about risks, child abuse behaviors to verify initial
information, notifications, denunciations.
111 Cost
• Transferring, providing information, notifications, denunciations
tongdaiquocgia111@gmail.com or introducing children at risk or being abused, children in special Free
circumstances, parents, child caregivers to competent agencies,
organizations, individuals, with the function of child protection.
• Coordinating with agencies, organizations, individuals, service
providers for child protection, individuals with authority, function
of child protection nationwide to respond to the reception,
exchange, verification of information, notifications, denunciations
about children being abused or at risk of violence, exploitation,
abandonment.
• Supporting people doing child protection work at the commune
level in building and implementing support plans, interventions
for each case of child abuse or at risk of violence, exploitation,
abandonment; monitoring, evaluating the construction and
implementation of this plan.
• Providing psychological, legal, policy advice for children, parents,
family members, child caregivers.
• Storing, analyzing, synthesizing information to provide, inform,
denounce when requested by competent agencies, organizations,
individuals, for cases of child abuse and service providers for
child protection; carrying out regular, sudden reports for state
management agencies on children and other competent agencies,
responsible for child protection.
13
LIGHT Institute for Community • LIGHT Institue operates in 5 main areas: (1) Policy research Managing agency
Health Development and advocacy, (2) Capacity building, skills training, career N/A
Viện Phát triển Sức khỏe Cộng đồng guidance and start-up support, (3) Behaviour change
Ánh Sáng (Viện LIGHT) communication, (4) Provision of support services: Health Location
care, psychological support, legal aid, etc. (5) Community Hanoi, Quang Ninh,
Lot 38 - Alley 100 Dich Vong Hau, intervention programs and models. Da Nang
Cau Giay, Hanoi • Free consultation services, reproductive health Cost
098 113 5959 examinations at LIGHT clinic in Hanoi, Quang Ninh and Da Free
Nang, including: Consultation on reproductive health and
light.org.vn/light-clinic
gynaecological examination.
facebook.com/vienlight
• Ensuring confidentiality for victims of violence when
they come for consultation, examination and referral to
appropriate medical facilities.
CARE International Vietnam CARE International in Vietnam works closely with government Managing agency
Tổ chức CARE Quốc tế tại Việt Nam partners and local non-governmental agencies, as well as NGO
other International NGOs and UN agencies in its responses
Floor 9, CDC building, 25 Le to emergencies in Vietnam. Currently, CARE in Vietnam Location
Dai Hanh, Hai Ba Trung, Hanoi prioritises the sectors of intervention for both immediate Hanoi
response phase and during the recovery phase.
(+84) 024 3716 1930 Cost
A member of GBV.
Free
vnm.info@care.org
care.org.vn
facebook.com/CAREinVietnam
14
Child Fund Vietnam Child Fund supports Managing agency
Tổ chức Child Fund Việt Nam communities to keep children NGO
safe from harm, help build
Hanoi: Lv 5, Vinafor Build., 127 Lo Duc St., Hanoi effective child protection Location
systems and provide Hanoi, Cao Bang,
Cao Bang: No. 12, group 4, Ngoc Xuan W., Cao Bang
emergency humanitarian Bac Kan, Hoa Binh
Bac Kan: No. 7, Tran Hung Dao St., group 13, Duc Xuan W., Bac Kan
assistance in times of natural
Hoa Binh: No. 212, Tran Hung Dao St., Hoa Binh disaster and conflict. Cost
Free
1800 6706 – Hotline
Hanoi: +84 24 3944 6449 Bac Kan: +84 209 3871 514
Cao Bang: +84 218 3856 607 Hoa Binh: +84 206 3955 995
info@childfund.org.vn
childfund.org.vn
Ho Chi Minh City Children’s Consultation, psychological support, providing information on Managing agency
Social Work Center issues related to children and families; Department of
labors - invalids and
Trung tâm Công tác xã hội - Giáo dục Connect with organizations, departments, branches, unions,
social affairs
dạy nghề thiếu niên TP.HCM and social security services to support in solving problems,
overcoming difficulties and stabilizing their lives;
Location
14 Nguyen Van Bao, Ward 4, Go
Ensure good implementation of child protection and care HCM
Vap District, Ho Chi Minh City
processes from prevention, timely detection of children at
1900 54 5559 – Hotline risk of falling into special circumstances to coordination and Cost
028 38946025 – Phone mobilization of support for recovery and reintegration for Free
children who need intervention support.
15
Emergency Police Service 24/7 hotline for receiving and handling all issues reported by people Managing agency
Hotline – 113 about security. People can call the police on 113 in cases such as: Social Order
Administrative
Đường dây nóng khẩn cấp 113 • A crime is happening or is likely to happen.
Management Police
• Discovering a person suspected of a crime or showing signs of
Department
113 committing a crime.
• There is a person who is injured or in danger.
Location
• When you observe someone behaving suspiciously in public places. National
• Behaviours that disrupt public order and directly affect people or the
residential community. Cost
• When you observe a foreigner being assaulted or threatened with Free
assault.
• When there are disputes in the residential community that risk leading
to behaviours that disrupt security and order.
ISDS – Institute for Social ISDS develops and runs projects, does not receive referral. Managing agency
development studies N/A
A member of GBVnet.
Viện nghiên cứu phát triển xã hội Their projects are for (1) strengthening the capacity of local
Location
authorities and stakeholders in cross-sectoral collaboration
Hanoi
Lo 81-TT4, My Dinh Song Da to prepare and respond to COVID-19 and/or other health
Urban Areas, My Dinh 1, emergencies; (2)strengthening the capacity of commune
Cost
Nam Tu Liem, Hanoi health stations in infection prevention and control in health
Free
facilities, maintaining the provision of basic health services
(+84) 2437820058 during the pandemic; supporting treatment and referral for
isdsvn@isds.org.vn infected cases; (3) strengthening risk communication capacity
of local leaders, raising awareness and knowledge to change
isds.org.vn
attitudes and practices of people especially vulnerable groups
in infection prevention, monitoring and home health care; and
(4) reducing the impact of COVID-19 on the most affected
individuals from vulnerable population groups.
16
Legal Aid Department – Ministry of Justice Receiving calls from people in 63 provinces and Managing agency
Cục Trợ giúp pháp lý, Bộ Tư pháp centrally governed cities and guiding them to the Ministry of Justice
state legal aid centres of the provinces and centrally
Ministry of Justice governed cities. Location
National
58-60 Tran Phu, Ba Dinh, Hanoi
Providing free legal services to those who are
0246 273 9631 eligible for legal aid as prescribed by law. Cost
Free
tgpl.moj.gov.vn
MSD – Management and sustainable MSD supports and helps disadvantaged and Managing agency
development institute vulnerable community groups, especially children, N/A
Viện Nghiên Cứu Quản lý Phát triển bền vững youth, women, ethnic minorities, and people
with disabilities. Location
Hanoi
Room 1007, 17T9 building, Hoang Dao MSD develops and runs projects, does not
Thuy St., Thanh Xuan Dis., Hanoi receive referral. Cost
(+84) 24 62749056 Free
A member of GBVnet.
contact@msdvietnam.org
msdvietnam.org
Ho Chi Minh City Police Receive and handle all issues reported by people Managing agency
Công an thành phố Hồ Chí Minh about security such as sexual harassment and N/A
pickpocketing on buses.
Location
268 Tran Hung Dao, Nguyen Cu Trinh,
For emergency police service. HCM
District 1, Ho Chi Minh City
0981960202 Cost
(069) 3187-344/ (028) 3920-1605 Free
congan.hochiminhcity.gov.vn
17
702 Nguyen Van Linh, Tan Phong, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
(028) 3622 4432
wellbeing@rmit.edu.vn
rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/sites/WellbeingSelf-HelpResources